About Me - Examples

Hello! I’m a Computer Science student at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. I enjoy designing robust, scalable software solutions, and hope to pursue a future career in Software Architecture.

Working with technology is a passion and hobby of mine. I often use my free time to experiment with different languages, frameworks, and hardware to maintain a well-rounded skill set.

If I’m not at one of my computers, you’ll likely find me on the water with my teammates on the WPI Crew team.


Draft:
Hello! I'm a computer science student at Auburn University. I'm passionate about technology and enjoy building software to solve problems. 

In my free time, I love to experiment with different languages and learn new frameworks. 

Apart from writing code, I enjoy spending time with my family and reading about history.  

Feel free to connect or send a message! 

///stuff to add
excited to persue a career in software development
senior...graduating march 2021
stuff im currently working on 

2nd Draft:
Hi, I'm Mark! I'm a computer science student at Auburn University. I'll be graduating in March 2021 and am excited to start a career in software development. 

In my free time I like to experiment with different languages and frameworks. Learning new concepts, ideas, and tools has allowed me to envision new features and improve current projects. 
There's always something new to learn, which is one of the reasons I enjoy it so much. 

Apart from writing code, I enjoy spending time with my family and reading about history.  

Feel free to connect or send a message!


3rd Draft:
Hi, I'm Mark! I'm a computer science student at Auburn University. I'm passionate about technology and am excited to start a career in software development. 

In my free time I like to experiment with different languages and frameworks. Learning new concepts, ideas, and tools has allowed me to envision new features and improve current projects. 
There's always something new to learn, which is one of the reasons I enjoy it so much. 

Apart from writing code, I enjoy spending time with my family and reading about history.  

Feel free to connect or send a message!



misc notes...

Apart from writing code, I enjoy spending time with my family and reading about history.  
Side projects are a way for me to strengthen upon the 
Currently I've been working with the spring framework and have been exploring both react and angular as a way to build dynamic web applications.  
If I'm not writing code or spending time with my family, you'll likely find me reading history books, especially those covering medieval europe. 
Apart from writing code, I enjoy reading about medieval history and studying ancient languages. 
Apart from writing code, a favorite hobby of mine is reading about medieval history. 

OOP
Above all, I strive to
I strive to write readible, scalable code 
I love to experiment with different languages and frameworks
to maintain a well-rounded skillset. 

Passion, motivation, interests, "golden nugget"

Hobby personal

**robust = error control & testing
**scalable



Summary:
seeking internship
what i've done and am doing in addition to coursework (html, css, js ...react)
mention why transitioning...army/veteran (leadership exp.)...passion for cs

outline:
1. student Auburn online + working full time. in addition to studies react project. seeking internship
2. transition passion veteran etc. 
3. soft skills communication teams leadership


Computer science student working towards transitioning into a career in software development. I am currently pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science through Auburn University's online degree program. In addition to my coursework, I enjoy developing my knowledge of Javascript and React. I am seeking internship and co-op opportunities in the Washington DC area to gain experience working with experienced professionals. 

CS student currently enrolled in a post baccalaureate program through Auburn University. Interest in full-stack, front-end, and back-end development.
